"reviews"
"Very frustrating. First of all, the highlight of the implement width does not show anywhere when you open the saved track. Only the line followed by the tractor on top of the other lines for the background map. Second when you try to select a track and share it as KML nothing happens. the share button for the tracks does not work. I can only share the full map but not the tracks that are the most imports thing for me for my spraying records. With this two issues the app is useless for me."
"This app has proved very useful for spray and fertilizer applications for me. My work is involved with GPS mapping in the utility industry and I've worked with numerous GIS softwares. This app is good and I would love to see an option to add problem points to save in the field maps and/or the saved tracks to note rocks or sink holes for hay cutting. This would make it a 5 star rating! I've loaded the app for two of my hay buddies so far. Thank you!"
"Been using this app a while now. Very useful. Having problem when saving track it should have a default track name like time and date which could be changed later. I've lost more than half my tracks when trying to save them."
"Hi, I am trying to use Your app, but have been experiencing difficulties.  When I launch the app, after about 10minutes of spraying, it starts to seriously Lag. Even when I stop, save the track, clear memory, launch the app again and continue, it lags even sooner.  I have tried using the app on: 1. Xiami Redmi Note 5 Pro, 2018, API level 28, 2. Lenovo Tab4, LENOVO Lenovo TB-X304F. API level 27 It seems to work on the xiaomi, but not on the tablet. Could it be a hardware issue?"
"Seems very cool! I can't seem to get it to save my track. Just asks for a name, no way to hit save or go back. Have to restart the app. Anyone else having this problem?"
"The app works better than others I have tried. I like the fact that it paints your track with the boom width instead of just a line. I had some difficulty getting it to work right the first 2 times, not extremely intuitive, but I eventually got it. It is very difficult to get the Ap to let go of your phone when you want to do multitasking, like rewind your audio book. I wants to save and close the App no matter what I do. It has a little lag time from course change on tractor to adjust the track and the new course displayed. That is a bit annoying, but for the most part, I like it enough to upgrade to the paid version to reward the programmer and maybe allow the program to evolve."
"Good app and just started using it today. I had a couple of issues. One field didn't highlight after I saved it, tried everything I could think of. Also when I forwarded to my brother the saved fields he said the acres of each didn't show on his end. Plan to keep using it for now."
"Easy to use and save your field information. I recommend this app for all kinds of uses. Ie. Fencing, landscaping, calculating seed and fertilizer..."
"Great app I work for a farmer that has around 35000 acres and this is a great app to have to map and save fields so you know where they are. Really handy"
"Excellent app. Still learning more as I go has lots of good features. Has good accuracy with phone gps in a Motorola but will buy an external gps soon to improve accuracy a little. Works amazing spraying a spreading pasture and hay fields always within the 1 feet as I use for my overlap. If you have had your phones gps turned off turn it on for a few minutes before begining to get a good results."
"all right, after using it for a bit, I was wondering why it didn't match any of my measuring wheel calcs that i walked around the fields with. it understated surface area by over 15% in some fields, up to 30% in the steepest one I have. Reason is, It doesn't do a 3d calculation of surface area that includes elevations! So basically just a rough calculation of flat surface areas. Makes a huge diff when spraying/planting... Maybe incorporate in next update? Thanks"
"Potentially a useful app for field spraying. Annoying how app always opens with map focused on some irrelevant location hundred of KMs away.  Needs a third option \"A,B point = None\" for those of us who don't need  lightbar guidance & just want to \"display sprayed area\" on the field. Unfortunately it will not connect to an external GPS on my Samsung S9+ running Android v9. App runs, but will not stay connected to Bad ELF BT GPS. Not obvious in the main interface which GPS is in use, therefore first you know of it dropping external GPS is when the steering commands go all weird. Be great if u can fix compatibility with late model Samsung phone and external GPS's."
"This app does a great job and is very useful for my field spraying. My only doing on it is I wish the tutorial was more descriptive or there was a really good video on how to set it up. I stumbled through it but figured it out. They recommend the Garmin GLO GPS bluetooth to use with it. Yes - it's worth it!"
"V useful Great simple app to use when try to fertilise fields and spray without a exspesive guidance system"
"Works great for broadcast planting and spraying Look forward to future development. Would love to see basic field mapping feature added to this app."
