"reviews"
"Awesome. Very clear and user friendly. Keeps tract of all my farm activities now... <U+0001F44D>. I love <U+0001F60D> it. I really wish I could go pro to export my data, but.... Thanks a lot for this version."
"Good user friendly app. Really easy to use"
"I love this app, well arranged and user friendly."
"Not user friendly."
"It is SOOO close! This is exactly what I was looking for, but it needs much more work. (Thus only 3 stars for now). The navigation home screen (with the blue buttons) and the hidden left tool bar feel redundant of each other. Consolidating many related tabs would serve you well. There are far too many buttons to sort through for the average farmer who has stuff to do. Labeling buttons with icons in addition to the text would also be more user friendly. It would also be great to record/upload GPS data on fields and for maintenance routine purposes, share maps with GIS points to employee accounts. Employee accounts that can receive invites to my specific farm would be a great addition so you could assign a specific task to an individual. People would seriously pay money for this! Again, overall its a GREAT start to this app! I will keep it around in case you do update and will update stars as earned. I really want this to succeed. I know little about app development, but if you want real farmer suggestions, I'd be happy to elaborate!"
"very good and user friendly."
"Not user friendly for a beginner"
"What a excellent idea for user friendly software on my farm. Already using a bit and doing a trial with one of my managers to see how we can incorporate this software into the farm. Having our weekly meeting today and think well try and do most of our planning on it to see how it goes. I have a few extra ideas that I would like to add on it aswell."
"Very user friendly and perfectly powerful. Definitely recommend this app. I only use it to keep track of field locations and field names but it's capabilities are FAR beyond that. Great job Devs!<U+0001F44D><U+0001F3FC>"
"Great asset This is a very good app. I'm sure everyone who is involved in pasture management has something. I have found this very user friendly."
"The app is user friendly and scalable. Farmers problems solved."
