"reviews"
"Lower your price. Hundreds of comments saying it's a great app, but you set the price too high. We're willing to pay something, maybe like $5 a month for activities, rainfall, and heat units, and scale up from there with more features. You don't need to contact ME. Your company made an error in setting the prices too high The convenience of you aggregating free weather/soil data into a record keeping app is worth something....not $30. NDVI and some advanced marketing features may be worth 99/mo."
"when I first got the ap, it worked great. the rainfall totals were very close to the gauge totals. the previous \"update\" changed that, the totals were never even close. now, with the update on April 24th, it won't even open. when i try to open it hoping it is fixed, my phone locks up."
"I used to enjoy this free app for simple tracking of rain fall. Now, without warning, they have changed subscription levels for the people that have helped them build and design this app, and are charging at least $120 per year for access to data which was free a month ago. User beware, their greediness has taken over, and it's sure to only get worse. I will be finding another platform to track data on my own property"
"I found this app handy until I would have to pay $29/ month, so will be uninstalling. All i used was the rainfall tracking ( free information online) and logging activities (digital notepad or calendar would do). This app made it easy but Im not spending $29 a month or any amount for free information and a simple record of history."
"There is no cumulative function when tracking rainfall. Every new alert for rainfall changes all previous alerts to the most current alert, very awkward to track cumulative totals without writing them down, really?"
"I use this app to track rainfall on the food plots we plant on our hunting property. Rainfall accuracy was only so-so compared to our rain gauge but at least the app showed you rainfall history. Now they're charging $29 per month for that - NFW! The free Lite version of this app is worthless, there is nothing in it. Goodbye FarmLogs!!!!"
"Understanding nothing is free, but 29.99/month!? I was grateful to find this app for tracking heat and rainfall actuals on our new homestead-to-be, given we haven't even established any type of yard or garden/beds, we were eager to make the most of this app for our micro-scale of future mini homestead, but again~ $360/yr. is far to rich for us/our minisucle needs. $30/yr for rainfall&heat historical data w/ current actuals, sold. Consider small scale homesteader version for annual sub option"
"Was a great app but its useless now. Started charging for the rainfall history feature without any notice. I used this app and quit recording it by hand and now all is lost. WILL NOT recommend this app anymore. sorry"
"Really liked the app at first. but lately their rainfall estimates are horrible and they made it so you need to subscribe in order to view rainfall charts."
"This was an awesome app for rainfall and history of rainfall, but you all got greedy. so uninstalling. I can Google rainfall history for free."
"Used to have wonderful rainfall and gdu charts suddenly for 2020 what I've enjoyed free for some years is $29 per month"
"This app is amazing! I have been using it for 3 years to keep records, track rainfall, and plan for future years. Would be lost without it. They update it frequently, and are very helpful. The new market feature is very nice. It is a great way to watch expenses and keep track of inventory! Awesome!"
"Used to love this App. Since the last. Update and new update to the phone mobile phone system, the rainfall totals don't update. Some fields do while others don't. I'm sure it rained on those fields because of the close proximity."
"While it's true this app is designed more for row crop farms, I use it on our hay ground to keep track of rainfall. We background 1000 dairy heifers, so we go through a lot of hay in a year! I start cutting middle of April and finish in September and October. Rainfall tracking is very important to manage fertilizer applications among other things. I can look at the app and see if a farm 20 miles away got any rain last night. That beats going to the feed store and listening to all the old timers as they guess how much they got. I can just open the app and show them how wrong they are. Worth it's weight in gold for that reason alone!"
"Canadian fields I farmer within 14 miles of the Canada/USA border. Please extend all the options USA farmers get and made available for me please. Also notice some discrepancies with the rain fall compared to a rain gauge"
"Rain fall App says I have gotten rain, but won't show me how much.  Not impressed at all."
"What Happened Have had the app  since June and at first it was great. Now It shows I have had no rain in 21 days yet online under daily rainfall  it shows I am getting rain. Not being home much I was counting on this app but now I am unsure."
"As a small vegetable farmer/ market gardener the ability to look at a chart and see a list of daily and weekly rainfall amounts is great which is why I like the website. It's annoying that when logging into the website from phone browser I am asked to use the app. The charts for viewing rainfall on the app are useless. Would give it 4 stars if you could view rainfall in the daily/ weekly chart like you can on the website. Would give 5 stars if you could record multiple crops per field as well."
"Rain fall info??? I love the idea of this app, but the rain fall amounts are usually low compared to what we actually get.  And also since the last update I can no  longer add farms always says my field shape is invalid"
"Rainfall wayoff Need to work on rainfall data"
"Great app! This is the best app I found to manage my fields.  Love that it keeps up with rainfall amounts.  Great way to keep up with crops and field management."
"Rain off Lately I've noticed the rainfall amounts being way off. Last night I had 1.5\" in my rain gauge, but farm logs only reported .55\". I could see being off a tenth or so, but not an inch."
"Missing Crop I love the app and rain fall measurements, but it doesn't have my crop. I'm growing chestnuts and they're not among the list of choices."
"Was once the most invaluable app on my phone. I build large Solar 
Facilities. I could keep tabs on my facilities rainfall totals across the 
country. The removal of the map feature now makes this app not worth the 
space. Such a shame."
"Worked good the first year this is the second year of using it and it is a hit and miss on rain falls now accurate any more. Had rain on my home farm watched it rain and it never even picked up a drop same on one of my other locations later last week completely missed the rain falls says we didn't get anything but it rained good. Have now deleted this app moving on to something better hopefully."
"No rainfall chart????"
