"reviews"
"Awesome. Very clear and user friendly. Keeps tract of all my farm activities now... <U+0001F44D>. I love <U+0001F60D> it. I really wish I could go pro to export my data, but.... Thanks a lot for this version."
"Good and simple to use and user support is awesome. Great job keep it up bivatec"
"Good user friendly app. Really easy to use"
"I love this app, well arranged and user friendly."
"WAS a great app. free to use version had a great organized layout for tracking expenses and profits. all of the activities and business plan data is input and modified by the user, so basically a glorified spreadsheet design with better user interface. and NOW, after inputting and tracking my data for 3 years......... I am forced to pay or move my data elsewhere. STAY AWAY!!! zero warning or perks for users utilizing their services. terrible business move. Farm at Hand is much better!!!"
"Not user friendly."
"How can i use the app.?or Mauser the field."
"It is SOOO close! This is exactly what I was looking for, but it needs much more work. (Thus only 3 stars for now). The navigation home screen (with the blue buttons) and the hidden left tool bar feel redundant of each other. Consolidating many related tabs would serve you well. There are far too many buttons to sort through for the average farmer who has stuff to do. Labeling buttons with icons in addition to the text would also be more user friendly. It would also be great to record/upload GPS data on fields and for maintenance routine purposes, share maps with GIS points to employee accounts. Employee accounts that can receive invites to my specific farm would be a great addition so you could assign a specific task to an individual. People would seriously pay money for this! Again, overall its a GREAT start to this app! I will keep it around in case you do update and will update stars as earned. I really want this to succeed. I know little about app development, but if you want real farmer suggestions, I'd be happy to elaborate!"
"You need to make all currency available with a converter so you can get your result in the user's local currency and USD but so far it's a good app. <U+0001F4AF><U+0001F44C>"
"very good and user friendly."
"Not user friendly for a beginner"
"Easy to use and helpful management tool. Very friendly and helpful team that provide great support."
"Slick design, easy to use. More features being added all the time and listening to users."
"This app is helping us get a handle on a new ranch we purchased. I really like that we can add users and assign tasks."
"What a excellent idea for user friendly software on my farm. Already using a bit and doing a trial with one of my managers to see how we can incorporate this software into the farm. Having our weekly meeting today and think well try and do most of our planning on it to see how it goes. I have a few extra ideas that I would like to add on it aswell."
"Very user friendly and perfectly powerful. Definitely recommend this app. I only use it to keep track of field locations and field names but it's capabilities are FAR beyond that. Great job Devs!<U+0001F44D><U+0001F3FC>"
"It is a very convenient app. User friendly interface and helps a lot with organizing activities"
"Nice to see a proper native app that has a great user experience!"
"Downloaded this app to measure areas in a field. Got nothing out of it. All it did was show my position on the map, without recording any distances, areas or position points. No clear way of achieving either of these objectives. Not very intuitive user interface. So got nothing out of it except a few ads. Waste of my time. Definitely not going to take a chance with a paid version in case it is just as useless."
"Worthless app. Inaccurate, confusing displays. Dowload counts can be a deceiving factor. If app has nothing to do with accuracy deal with area viewer instead of area measure. Accuracy is important for measure. I am a user and the excuses you gave me is none of my concern, I am just reviewing and sharing my experience."
"Great asset This is a very good app. I'm sure everyone who is involved in pasture management has something. I have found this very user friendly."
"Good app but from users side-, the core value is prediction data not only how the app looks like or new feature"
"The app is user friendly and scalable. Farmers problems solved."
"Really nice app, but I have not found the place where I can insert my sample number - those ones generated is not very \"sample number friendly\". It would be great to add a sample number and have the app sequentially number further as one takes the soil samples in the field. The function to import or export soil sampling points seems not the available - it poses the question whether it is useful to have this great app but the the result of the app's functions stays with the app."
