"reviews"
"WAS a great app. free to use version had a great organized layout for tracking expenses and profits. all of the activities and business plan data is input and modified by the user, so basically a glorified spreadsheet design with better user interface. and NOW, after inputting and tracking my data for 3 years......... I am forced to pay or move my data elsewhere. STAY AWAY!!! zero warning or perks for users utilizing their services. terrible business move. Farm at Hand is much better!!!"
"The free version is somewhat helpful but the cheapest paid plan being $65/month is ridiculous! It does not come close to being worth that much money for what you get."
"I use this app to track rainfall on the food plots we plant on our hunting property. Rainfall accuracy was only so-so compared to our rain gauge but at least the app showed you rainfall history. Now they're charging $29 per month for that - NFW! The free Lite version of this app is worthless, there is nothing in it. Goodbye FarmLogs!!!!"
"Understanding nothing is free, but 29.99/month!? I was grateful to find this app for tracking heat and rainfall actuals on our new homestead-to-be, given we haven't even established any type of yard or garden/beds, we were eager to make the most of this app for our micro-scale of future mini homestead, but again~ $360/yr. is far to rich for us/our minisucle needs. $30/yr for rainfall&heat historical data w/ current actuals, sold. Consider small scale homesteader version for annual sub option"
"This app is perfect for a diversified farm. The free version is full of useful record keeping. The real life overhead view of the farm adds a level of tangibility which makes laying out tasks easy to manage. The facto that it can be shared among other people and provide chat is especially useful!"
"Pretty accurate measurements and features for a free app. I use it for outdoor activities all the time now. Great for airsoft, our just showing friends where tails are and how long of a walk. Great app. I was asked to rate when I first opened the app, before I could even see the screen layout, I gave 2 stars after a few days of use easy 5 Stars and probably be upgrading to pro version. Excellent job developers!"
"Love the experience on Android. Mapping manually can be very glitchy on iOS. Subscriptions are far too pricey for me, but the free version does a lot. If there was a buy for medium around $60 AU per annum. I'd be in."
"Just have the free version. Layed out my property lines on the satellite view using the distance function with my official recorded survey numbers. Wow. I'd like to talk to the surveyors back then. My lot is not square. The front is 95.45ft across and the back is 86.25 across. 90' front and 90' rear would have been more logical. Now it looks like I'm mowing 5 feet into my neighbors yard. We are friends. Had a good laugh. Good app. Thks."
