"reviews"
"1" "I am facing a problem for transfer the data from mobile to laptop. Its not exactly save the data as in the app .i.e.name of the plant ,genotype etc. If anyone have solution could you share experience with me .it would be appreciated. Thx"
"2" "extremely inaccurate. you are much better off training your crews eye and estimating. this app simply doesn't work with coverage over 40%. it does work in low density, I guess, low density can be hard... I'm still looking for a replacement for GLAMA. why did it get pulled."
"3" "I can't rate it because I can't login. It doesn't work on Android 10."
"4" "Simple to use & appears to be pretty accurate"
"5" "I CAN'T MAKE AN ACCOUNT IN THE MOBILE APP.. I MADE IT TWO TIMES WITH DIFFERENT DATA THEN TELL ME USER OR PASSWORD MAY BE WRONGR"
"6" "This app has really helped my in doing my final year project. Thank you developers for this app."
"7" "excellent to use in field !!"
"8" "I found this mobile application very important to do researches about water productivity using AquaCrop model"
"9" "This is a very helpful tool in assessment of field trials of the effects of various treatments on plant growth/canopy cover - takes out the guesswork of estimating plant row cover. Very useful"
"10" "Pretty cool app that i stumbled upon by accident. Can't wait to use it on an actual field instead of my yard."
"11" "Tai"
"12" "Useful app"
"13" "Very excellent"
"14" "Excellent!"
"15" "Nice"
"16" "Have been using this app for the last 5 months and indeed is a game changer in farming. Keep improving and bravo for good innovation team"
"17" "Love this app! We do produce farming and it is an essential part in our record keeping."
"18" "Ads pop up at the most inopportune moments, such as when trying to add an expense. Once the ad is finished, and you X-it, the app has exited your progress on adding your expense, by bringing you automatically back to the main menu. I wouldn't be irritated if it was a one off thing, but it happened thrice in a row. Cant deal with that, sorry. Other than not being able to add expenses, it's a decent app. But I hate ads. 2/5."
"19" "Nice interface. I'm yet to use it but having gone through it I think it'll be very helpful. It got the right kind of information and records I need to keep. Why do I need the pro version? I'm interested. Updated : This app is super good. I think is the best for every farmer. I'm really enjoying it. I only have little issue with it that needs to be fixed; the font colour for options for the expenditure category must be changed to black or to another colour, is white and is hard to see."
"20" "Highly recommend. Very easy to use and makes keeping track of farm income/ expenses very easy."
"21" "Does the app sync online? I just lost my phone and wondering if i have to restart once i download it again"
"22" "Exceptionally simple and straight forward! definitely, I will not stop recommending this app to others. I like the fact that I can choose the currency! You could improve further by creating a filter for income and expenses per farm item, to see viability of each farm item! Could you incorporate/develop an app for Livestock management especially stock management (Male, Female, Young, Adult, culled, etc)? Thanks and well done."
"23" "App works and suits perfectly for my farm incomes and expenses tracking . Very User friendly . A suggestion if you could add an option of attaching a photo of the bill with the expenses and income . Also another option of entering receipts and payments . This would allow the farmer to completely keep track of everything . It would become a complete accounting app . All the very best to the developer <U+0001F60A><U+0001F44D><U+0001F3FC> ."
"24" "I just started using the app and so far it's going to work fine for my little hobby operation. But it would be nice if I could track commodity sales volumes to individual customers in the analytics. I sell grain to small customers and I would like to be able to see how much volume (bushels, pounds, tons, etc) and how much money I've been paid for each customer."
"25" "Thanks you. So far its been great have had it almost 2 months now and it is helping me alot. Especially on the reminder at first thought oh good grief but than when i forgot to write something on one of the expenses when it reminded me the next day asking was there anything i was able to remember i had forgotten to put in the expense for the roll of hay. While some people might not think that is important to a person running the farm that needs to know where all the expenses go it is great"
"26" "I like this app for its usability and the accurate accounting. It has made record keeping easier for me and i can easily track my farming cashflow. The developer is also very responsive when i contact through support. Thanks for this innovation"
"27" "I like this app and it's really helped me a lot. I would like to suggest putting an option of taking/attaching a picture of receipts and invoices on the income and expense sections"
"28" "Love the app. It would be great if you could add yield tracking option. So that I can keep track of how much yield I got in a season. It would be a great tool for vegetable farmers."
"29" "I keep getting weekly reminders to upgrade to premium. But i upgraded in April. Any idea why this keeps happening? I feel like i need to turn off all notifications for this app."
"30" "Hi I signed up for the pro version but I can't get transaction details per day? The detailed reports must be able to be collapsed so that one is able to access information for a specific date or specific crop sold that day. Good app, kindly fix this"
"31" "I use this app in analysis of income and costs for rice farming, milling and general farm agriculture. It works well and is easy to use once you have set up all the 'cash book' entries you require for analysis. As I use it more I will see if additions to the app might be suggested."
"32" "I like this app and I like the way the developer immediately responds to our feedback. Its getting better each and everyday. I don't even know how people with mean reviews here have appreciated anything given free of charge. Thumbs up to the developer. This is a nice innovation for any serious farmer."
"33" "Awesome. Very clear and user friendly. Keeps tract of all my farm activities now... <U+0001F44D>. I love <U+0001F60D> it. I really wish I could go pro to export my data, but.... Thanks a lot for this version."
"34" "Really useful. Nice interfaces and analytics. I had wanted this for a long time . keep up with the good work"
"35" "This is a very excellent App. It also reminds you to do certain things one takes for granted in sgriculture. Keep it up. Thanks."
"36" "I appriciate 5 star but i will not. Coz i lost my data after mobile factory data resetting ( farmet ) i cant recover it . That's very important. I mail also to help desk. So its very wors app very bad West"
"37" "great app. needs ability to chang date format. also being able to scan expense receipts would be great."
"38" "Its easy to use, nice and basic. Perfcet for tracking fish breeding hobby costs and income."
"39" "Very easy to use ,easy to understand and keeps reminding you to record whenever you forget ."
"40" "A very good initiative that has potential as a game changer. I would love to see file sharing as part of this, well-done!"
"41" "Very good in keeping record, but should be upgraded where u can a log in detail so u can access on other devices Incase u change ur phone. Ur record will remain"
"42" "Revenue and expence class created appears white on tranactions entry menu so it becomes invisible and difficult to select from the drop down list. Can you help resolve please?"
"43" "Not impressed at all needs allot of work."
"44" "Works good for keeping track of expenses. It really needs a spot to keep track of miles."
"45" "protection system i like it"
"46" "Helpful but did not come with an assistance Some of the fields needs some explanation for a beginner It seems the target is to sell the product by urging user to go premium"
"47" "Its a really wonderful mobile app that keeps us liquid and invest in other asset. Thank you development team."
"48" "It would be better you provide option add items or quantity and multiply rate of the item then total to amount spend or earn will help a lot Please consider this changes <U+0001F64F>"
"49" "User friendly and I truly love this App"
"50" "Useful for keeping simple farm records. There is still more potential to be exploited to make it better."
"51" "nice app it's a game changer but I have noticed that the currency is default to a pound when you select other currencies its still not changing"
"52" "As a new start up farm, this app has been invaluable as i plan out the annual budget. Thank you!"
"53" "It would be great if you can make it possible to trend the expenses over several months to compare monthly expenses."
"54" "Was referred by a friend to this app but i really felt glad when i started using this app. It's just an awesome farm record keeper. Thank you Bivatec."
"55" "Very awesome app for farmers.I would be greatful if one would export data without deleting from the device."
"56" "It's quite simple and easy to use. Serves my purpose for a small time farmer"
"57" "It's simple. Easy to use. Hope it stays that way. Nice app. Need it for my desktop, and laptop too."
"58" "Nothing like this before! Really simplifies my book keeping compared to any other Accounting app i've used before"
"59" "Excellent app now I am able to track my income and expenditure with ease."
"60" "Great app. Easy to use and effective. I got premium after a couple days of use. I love it!"
"61" "Good and simple to use and user support is awesome. Great job keep it up bivatec"
"62" "Well designed, fully functional, very necessary app to have! Thanks"
"63" "Great app! It's make my job easy after upgrade premium version."
"64" "It's the best app I've used so far. Gives me a very good perspective of how my farm business is performing."
"65" "This is good and i think its going to help me and those people who want to make agriculture number one in there country thanks to the developer"
"66" "Very easy to use for keeping track of farm income and expenses."
"67" "Useful for keeping track of income and expenditure. Easy to use."
"68" "Very helpful to keep the records of farm income and epenses"
"69" "in the farming option to choose there is no option of Fishery and that is what i need to keep records for"
"70" "Nice app, functionally okay and fit for purpose generally."
"71" "Great App....It's been very helpful tool to me for my farm accounting activities."
"72" "Excellent app but unable to upgrade to premium"
"73" "Extremely useful and great customer service!"
"74" "Very nice app I can also keep the info on excel, thank you this is what I was looking for"
"75" "Exceptionally simple to use and relevant"
"76" "Only report in PDF is missing rest all good"
"77" "Good user friendly app. Really easy to use"
"78" "Good app to keep all income and expenses"
"79" "Good app...Thumbs up"
"80" "This is a fantastic farmer's app, the developer need little improvement in the area of report (Analytical) to be able to generate report on each farm item, rather than overall report alone"
"81" "Easy to use and accurate"
"82" "very good app and simple steps for entry"
"83" "I love this app, well arranged and user friendly."
"84" "Great easy to use simple app works for what I need"
"85" "Helpful app with good features."
"86" "I like this app. Its a really smart idea for any serious farmer. Thanks Bivatec"
"87" "Quite helpful and easy to use"
"88" "ok thanks for the pro version. But how if i change the phone? is there any way to get my data back to the new phone sir?"
"89" "Good app however there is need for more functionalities."
"90" "Nice app good to track also my friend are using the app I will starting to use this app hope it will help me better"
"91" "It's a good application to track income and expenses"
"92" "Very nice reminders and easy to use"
"93" "Nice app. Easy to use and relevant"
"94" "Excellent app for meeting accounting needs!"
"95" "What i really needed, i am subscribing for premium"
"96" "Very good at tracking costs"
"97" "Awesome to keep track on your expenses and income is"
"98" "So useful once one figures out how to record."
"99" "best app ever i can put down all my machinery and my animals"
"100" "Very nice and very easy to used"
"101" "very easy to use"
"102" "Very nice app for productivity"
"103" "Good and useful app for farmer"
"104" "Great app for tracking farm accounts"
"105" "Been using it for three months but it's good so far"
"106" "easy to use good app"
"107" "Incredible and the best ever app"
"108" "I enjoy working with the app"
"109" "This to good & very help gull fot farming"
"110" "Its an excellent app"
"111" "Easy to use nice app"
"112" "its the best famers' app so far.."
"113" "Simple but effective"
"114" "So far, so good. It's a good App."
"115" "Words can't explain just try this app...."
"116" "Great for small horse business"
"117" "Please Add Some Chart Or Anything For Daily Base Milk Accounting."
"118" "Great app for beginners"
"119" "The app is easy to use"
"120" "This app is superb. I love it."
"121" "Useful to keep track P&L"
"122" "Does want I want. Am able to truck my expenses"
"123" "The app is good i like it"
"124" "Met my needs and expectations."
"125" "can not print report"
"126" "One word. Wonderful!"
"127" "Cool stuff comes handy"
"128" "Super good does it all"
"129" "Takes the guess work out of it"
"130" "Great! Need farm address"
"131" "A very good app."
"132" "Cool app. I like it"
"133" "Easy to use"
"134" "It's very useful"
"135" "Best app to have"
"136" "Lower your price. Hundreds of comments saying it's a great app, but you set the price too high. We're willing to pay something, maybe like $5 a month for activities, rainfall, and heat units, and scale up from there with more features. You don't need to contact ME. Your company made an error in setting the prices too high The convenience of you aggregating free weather/soil data into a record keeping app is worth something....not $30. NDVI and some advanced marketing features may be worth 99/mo."
"137" "WAS a great app. free to use version had a great organized layout for tracking expenses and profits. all of the activities and business plan data is input and modified by the user, so basically a glorified spreadsheet design with better user interface. and NOW, after inputting and tracking my data for 3 years......... I am forced to pay or move my data elsewhere. STAY AWAY!!! zero warning or perks for users utilizing their services. terrible business move. Farm at Hand is much better!!!"
"138" "when I first got the ap, it worked great. the rainfall totals were very close to the gauge totals. the previous \"update\" changed that, the totals were never even close. now, with the update on April 24th, it won't even open. when i try to open it hoping it is fixed, my phone locks up."
"139" "I used to enjoy this free app for simple tracking of rain fall. Now, without warning, they have changed subscription levels for the people that have helped them build and design this app, and are charging at least $120 per year for access to data which was free a month ago. User beware, their greediness has taken over, and it's sure to only get worse. I will be finding another platform to track data on my own property"
"140" "I found this app handy until I would have to pay $29/ month, so will be uninstalling. All i used was the rainfall tracking ( free information online) and logging activities (digital notepad or calendar would do). This app made it easy but Im not spending $29 a month or any amount for free information and a simple record of history."
"141" "after last update, app won't open properly. It just keeps flashing across the screen of my Google pixel. I had to cancel my subscription because they jacked the price way up, and the free app is worthless. I will now be uninstalling this app and subscribing to FBN where you get so much more for your money."
"142" "Such a helpful and handy app. The company I work for uses it daily. We just upgraded to complete and having some app crashing issues but the support team is exceptional at helping with everything! Definitely recommend!"
"143" "Our operation transitioned from multiple notebooks and spreadsheets to FarmLogs in 2017.  I love it.  Access to details any time.   The mobile app fits our hired help.  I prefer the web version.  We rely heavily on the activities.  Acreage reporting is a breeze now.  Product totals calculated from the rates and acres makes a good check against what we paid for. I'd suggest FL tweak the SprayLog report to meet Dicamba record requirements. That would be huge. Thanks for the excellent cust service!"
"144" "The app is good and easy to use, a little disappointed about the high cost of the new subscription coming at a time where funds are already short on the farm. Also need to add livestock"
"145" "Too much money for what it offers. Missing a lot of chemicals in their application part, missing some very common fertilizers in our area, and have way more marketing garbage than a fellow ever needs. I wish I could find a app that would just let me track what I have done in each field."
"146" "There is no cumulative function when tracking rainfall. Every new alert for rainfall changes all previous alerts to the most current alert, very awkward to track cumulative totals without writing them down, really?"
"147" "The free version is somewhat helpful but the cheapest paid plan being $65/month is ridiculous! It does not come close to being worth that much money for what you get."
"148" "I use this app to track rainfall on the food plots we plant on our hunting property. Rainfall accuracy was only so-so compared to our rain gauge but at least the app showed you rainfall history. Now they're charging $29 per month for that - NFW! The free Lite version of this app is worthless, there is nothing in it. Goodbye FarmLogs!!!!"
"149" "Understanding nothing is free, but 29.99/month!? I was grateful to find this app for tracking heat and rainfall actuals on our new homestead-to-be, given we haven't even established any type of yard or garden/beds, we were eager to make the most of this app for our micro-scale of future mini homestead, but again~ $360/yr. is far to rich for us/our minisucle needs. $30/yr for rainfall&heat historical data w/ current actuals, sold. Consider small scale homesteader version for annual sub option"
"150" "Pointless, used to be good to track rain(ish never was very accurate) and manually enter field work. Now wants to charge an exhorbant amount of money with no options other than a lot of money or an extreme amount of money, no matter how many acres you are trying to manage (5 acres or 5000 acres) if it were to charge you something more understandable like $0.01 per acre per month for usable field data it would possibly be debatable but currently no absolutely worthless application. 0/5 <U+0001F31F>"
"151" "Have a friend who swears by this app, but not what I need, and the LAST thing I'm gonna do is sign up for any \"free trial\" just to see more than how to draw a field! Not to mention there isn't even any home button to excape the freebie pitch page rabbit hole."
"152" "Great, multifunctional app that pairs nicely with the FarmLogs web platform. Easy to use with a nice clean format. Before the update I've really utilized the \"Products\" function to keep track of our farm input inventory. FarmLogs team is also very responsive to feedback in order to make their app fit your operation. It's true that pricing for this has changed, but if you price other programs with similar features, FarmLogs is still the value option."
"153" "WAS a wonderful app it did everything i wanted too. I have 2 years of data, and now you have to pay to use the most simple things!!! REALLY?!?!?!?! This is ridiculous!!! STAY AWAY. greedy developers!!!"
"154" "The app is a bit finicky and stops now and again (hence 4 stars) but is a good companion to the web app. The support team was eager to help me out and persisted until my concerns had been meet."
"155" "99$ a month to manually record activities is ridiculous. Time to find something else that matches the cost/benefit better. Used to be a big fan of this but not for 99$ a month"
"156" "Was a great app but its useless now. Started charging for the rainfall history feature without any notice. I used this app and quit recording it by hand and now all is lost. WILL NOT recommend this app anymore. sorry"
"157" "This app was a nice app. Now they are just pure greedy. The owners just keep wanting more money for everything. This app is no longer worth having and I have stopped recommending it to my fellow farmers. The latest $$ grab is for rain and heat history.. I do not reccomend even trying this app."
"158" "worked ok for a couple years. Now they want to charge an large sum for you to continue. Hence make comparing records from last year to this impossible. Probably a decent app for corn or beans, but I grow hops. It won't let me list my chemicals."
"159" "Used to be a useful app to track activities and notes. Now you can't do much of anything without paying. Useless unless your a big farmer. Save your time and stay away"
"160" "app once again has stopped working. go to open, and it locks down Samsung note 9. if your going to charge money for your app, atleast make sure its it's working."
"161" "This app. WAS pretty cool...now you have to pay for everything but the weather/rain. I can get that information a dozen other places...I gurss its time to STOP CLUTTERING UP MY PHONE WITH IT!!!!!"
"162" "Really liked the app at first. but lately their rainfall estimates are horrible and they made it so you need to subscribe in order to view rainfall charts."
"163" "This was an awesome app for rainfall and history of rainfall, but you all got greedy. so uninstalling. I can Google rainfall history for free."
"164" "Loved this app in the past but is useless now that we have to pay for it. I only used it to keep track of what we did and when we did it on fields and dont think it's worth it to pay $99 a month just for that."
"165" "It was good until they went to charging $30 month. In my opinion this APP has priced itself out of the market."
"166" "Free version of the app has a banner on every page, \"example data\", therefore useless."
"167" "Won't let me log in and log in screen is jacked up can't enter the letter I'm pushing it enters the one next to it"
"168" "love the app but since the last update it wont open it just flashes black and white on my screen"
"169" "Used to be a great app, but they got greedy. Now 70<U+2105> of the app is locked behind a paywall."
"170" "was a good app now sucks. your over charging for what you get history of rain and heat. and charging for soil types that public record"
"171" "Used to be decent until changes and charginging for formally free parts of the app"
"172" "app fails and when it does work it's not that accurate"
"173" "this app was working excellent until last week..refused open"
"174" "Used to have wonderful rainfall and gdu charts suddenly for 2020 what I've enjoyed free for some years is $29 per month"
"175" "used to be the best app on the market but apparently they got money hungry too"
"176" "The app is broken and cannot be opened."
"177" "once you update now they want you to pay for heat units and soil map!"
"178" "used to be good as a free app, not worth the money they are asking"
"179" "When is the Rainfall Chart History coming back to the basic app?"
"180" "this app stopped working"
"181" "Free version is Worthless how much is the other version?"
"182" "started charging for rain history. um, no!"
"183" "was free now they charge you thanks thanks for nothing"
"184" "The best app to my Farm."
"185" "Won't let me SIGN UP"
"186" "Nice ap"
"187" "Could you add the ability to connect one's social media accounts to make sign in simpler? EDIT: Nice app, but I can't view soil types on fields for free anymore?"
"188" "Gives me what i need at my finger tips. However, they are pricing themselves in their in app purchase too expensive."
"189" "great"
"190" "This app is now a glorified rain guage. All the features we have found useful from the start you now have to pay for. Farm logs, if you are wanting to address my concerns, change it back to what it was last year!!!"
"191" "I also thought it WAS a great tool to have, (5 star) until they started charging to use the app. Us farmers are trying to make ends meet with crop price at a 20+ year low, it would be nice not to be nickeled and dimed at every turn. My grandfather once told me \"when farmers make money, everyone makes money\""
"192" "absolute junk. after you get all your data put in they decide to do an update and now you have to pay for it. it's not worth paying for"
"193" "GOODBYE"
"194" "Just like everyone else has said, was a great app but now they want paid, very typical."
"195" "This app is amazing! I have been using it for 3 years to keep records, track rainfall, and plan for future years. Would be lost without it. They update it frequently, and are very helpful. The new market feature is very nice. It is a great way to watch expenses and keep track of inventory! Awesome!"
"196" "Used to love this App. Since the last. Update and new update to the phone mobile phone system, the rainfall totals don't update. Some fields do while others don't. I'm sure it rained on those fields because of the close proximity."
"197" "This Ap is broken!!! It won't open!!!<U+0001F621>"
"198" "Great app!"
"199" "worked great at first but now i cant even get the app to open"
"200" "I have loved this app until recently it has started freezing up my phone. I 
uninstalled it to redo it and the haven't been able to reinstall. 
Reinstalled after waiting a day I and is working now."
"201" "Excellent customer support. If you have an issue, just ask."
"202" "This app was great...not anymore. The update sucks...bye."
"203" "Very helpful"
"204" "Great app but would really be great if I could drop points and name them in the soil maps when I'm pulling soil samples so I could come back to the same spot later."
"205" "well, bye!"
"206" "Seems like a great app but would be nice if u could update the maps since they are from like 2010"
"207" "What happened to the map feature? I cannot check my fields using the map view anymore. It seems you have replaced it with activities instead. The only I can check my fields is through list view. The map feature was why I kept using farm logs. Please put it back."
"208" "While it's true this app is designed more for row crop farms, I use it on our hay ground to keep track of rainfall. We background 1000 dairy heifers, so we go through a lot of hay in a year! I start cutting middle of April and finish in September and October. Rainfall tracking is very important to manage fertilizer applications among other things. I can look at the app and see if a farm 20 miles away got any rain last night. That beats going to the feed store and listening to all the old timers as they guess how much they got. I can just open the app and show them how wrong they are. Worth it's weight in gold for that reason alone!"
"209" "I love this app. I'm not a very big farmer but I love growing crops. I would download this app again if It got deleted today."
"210" "The new menus for seed selection is terrible, gave up on scrolling and put variety in the notes"
"211" "Too much security for a simple rain report app.  Get over it and just provide me with yesterday's rain"
"212" "Farm logs"
"213" "Canadian fields I farmer within 14 miles of the Canada/USA border. Please extend all the options USA farmers get and made available for me please. Also notice some discrepancies with the rain fall compared to a rain gauge"
"214" "Food plotter"
"215" "I get emails telling me that I've gotten rain on some farms on the day it rains.... but the app only shows rain 23 days ago....the app is not keeping up with the emails....other than that it is very useful"
"216" "Rain fall App says I have gotten rain, but won't show me how much.  Not impressed at all."
"217" "What Happened Have had the app  since June and at first it was great. Now It shows I have had no rain in 21 days yet online under daily rainfall  it shows I am getting rain. Not being home much I was counting on this app but now I am unsure."
"218" "Farm logs It works very well"
"219" "As a small vegetable farmer/ market gardener the ability to look at a chart and see a list of daily and weekly rainfall amounts is great which is why I like the website. It's annoying that when logging into the website from phone browser I am asked to use the app. The charts for viewing rainfall on the app are useless. Would give it 4 stars if you could view rainfall in the daily/ weekly chart like you can on the website. Would give 5 stars if you could record multiple crops per field as well."
"220" "Great App! Very accurate!"
"221" "Very useful"
"222" "Retired Happy working well"
"223" "Great for keeping track of weather and other field info"
"224" "Owner Crops"
"225" "I'm going to miss crop health updates There's NO way I can afford $2499 for the feature I liked the most. I'll just keep it and walk my field like always"
"226" "Amazing The app is great. It helps organize data and create more time for farming."
"227" "Good app, simple to manage."
"228" "Like it Just started using it around the wastewater plant i work at. Cant wait to see how it helps during the summer months"
"229" "Wont let me add farm says invalid shape Im uninstalling now waste of time"
"230" "Just great. Very organized. A lotta fun."
"231" "Rain fall info??? I love the idea of this app, but the rain fall amounts are usually low compared to what we actually get.  And also since the last update I can no  longer add farms always says my field shape is invalid"
"232" "I like the idea For people growing crops, I could see this being a very helpful and useful tool. But I would love to see either an update or a separate app for livestock. Could see this being very popular."
"233" "Soggyman Cattle, Cow calf operation & Hay round& square bales"
"234" "Rainfall wayoff Need to work on rainfall data"
"235" "Great app! This is the best app I found to manage my fields.  Love that it keeps up with rainfall amounts.  Great way to keep up with crops and field management."
"236" "Best yet. I've tried several other apps, and this is by far the best. Love the interface, and ease of navigation. Makes it just as easy as writing in my old notebook. Also great with the website. I love it! Please tell me your company is making one for cattle/livestock?"
"237" "Rain off Lately I've noticed the rainfall amounts being way off. Last night I had 1.5\" in my rain gauge, but farm logs only reported .55\". I could see being off a tenth or so, but not an inch."
"238" "Missing Crop I love the app and rain fall measurements, but it doesn't have my crop. I'm growing chestnuts and they're not among the list of choices."
"239" "Great App! Truly a great app. Very helpful. Authors are receptive of suggestions and respond quickly."
"240" "Hand Do it all ,that is ask of me"
"241" "Great app It's a start to something great. Using it in México"
"242" "Horse farm Very useful"
"243" "Still crashing Just updated app, and it's still crashing when trying to add a new field. Also indicated rain on only 1field, when all 3 I have currently are within eyesight and definitely got the same rain last night."
"244" "Heavy Farm log.... Fun....Easy like 1 + 2+ 3....4 + Stars.......Sandy + Simon"
"245" "Rain gauge Rain amounts are always spot on! Don't know how you do it. Never seen anything else like it. You have been so helpful to me! Thank you!"
"246" "Farmlogs Great app for keeping track of work and fields"
"247" "Going the wrong way... Crash problem fixed!  Well done, and thank you for responding(and fixing the issue!)  Very much like the health monitor.  Am using this app more and more, as well as the web site.  Still need the ability to assign notes and activities to a field group or selection of fields. Getting better...."
"248" "Great Love this app I run a big dairy operation and its so easy to use need to make something that indicates stock in a paddock and strip fences I think 299 for the advance is a bit steep Maby 150-200 bucks? 10 out of 10 good work!!"
"249" "Convenient to use I like it for recording planting and spray operations. Would like to see some sort of scouting portion to it. Rainfall is really pretty accurate from what I've seen so far."
"250" "Great app, needs tweaks Really like the software, customer service has been good.  I work in the agricultural research business, thus it would be nice if there was a free input area under Field Activities to custom list things such as field scouting, irrigation or fence repairs, and other general notes/activities."
"251" "I think there is a bug or something Worked great until our last big rain.. It wasn't counting the rain it Said no rain when we got 2+ inches"
"252" "24 percent of my battery gone from farm logs? I don't think so. Uninstalling"
"253" "GREAT App for Managing a Farm !!! Love this app!! Easy to use from the beginning and easy to see/manage lots of information to make running a farm easier - website is also a Great tool - can't wait to see what they have in future updates !!"
"254" "Don't know how I farmed without it!"
"255" "Worked great.. until.. Crashes evert time I open it after last update"
"256" "Wonderful app. Keeps track of all my farm operations and input data. Love the new update"
"257" "Matt carter Very helpful"
"258" "Takes some time to get things figured out.  After that works really good to keep records.  It would be better if I could input data from my phone.  Unless I just have not figured that part out."
"259" "Dead on love this app"
"260" "Great app Love the app and all the features!"
"261" "Looking better Good updates... keep heading the right direction"
"262" "Excellent Its keeps me on the go and accountable."
"263" "Stops evwry time I try to use it.  Map controls are useless and won't allow accurate locations. App stops always.  Cannot use."
"264" "Worthless at this point Shuts down every time I try to find my position"
"265" "Non functional Can't access mapping"
"266" "When can I enter harvest loads with android app? The iOS app allows it but not on android?"
"267" "Would like more of the functions that are on the Website."
"268" "Great Love it"
"269" "Love this app! But please update it to where I can use the app like my buddy next to me can with his iphone. Be able to use the app for everything and map out my fields there too. Great app though and I'm a fan either way. Thank you"
"270" "Getting there Please add the ability to use your mobile device to gps field layouts and perimeter.  Other than that great app"
"271" "Can't even access app Immediately goes to log in page. What log in does it want I haven't even registered yet!? Worthless!"
"272" "Work in progress Go to their website they are just starting out ...so give them time ... look like from web that they will be the best... they are working on connecting to yield monitor of combine... and much more"
"273" "Worst Not useful at all"
"274" "Not user friendly."
"275" "Very useful tool I love Farmlogs it helps me achieve my goal of keeping accurate records of what's going on, on the farm and Farmlogs mobile makes it even easier to keep my farm efficient and profitable. I never want to go without it, it is a must for evey farmer seeking to improve their operation."
"276" "Easy to use"
"277" "Was once the most invaluable app on my phone. I build large Solar 
Facilities. I could keep tabs on my facilities rainfall totals across the 
country. The removal of the map feature now makes this app not worth the 
space. Such a shame."
"278" "Worked good the first year this is the second year of using it and it is a hit and miss on rain falls now accurate any more. Had rain on my home farm watched it rain and it never even picked up a drop same on one of my other locations later last week completely missed the rain falls says we didn't get anything but it rained good. Have now deleted this app moving on to something better hopefully."
"279" "How can i use the app.?or Mauser the field."
"280" "Nice one app"
"281" "Like it"
"282" "Great Great app"
"283" "Love it"
"284" "It is SOOO close! This is exactly what I was looking for, but it needs much more work. (Thus only 3 stars for now). The navigation home screen (with the blue buttons) and the hidden left tool bar feel redundant of each other. Consolidating many related tabs would serve you well. There are far too many buttons to sort through for the average farmer who has stuff to do. Labeling buttons with icons in addition to the text would also be more user friendly. It would also be great to record/upload GPS data on fields and for maintenance routine purposes, share maps with GIS points to employee accounts. Employee accounts that can receive invites to my specific farm would be a great addition so you could assign a specific task to an individual. People would seriously pay money for this! Again, overall its a GREAT start to this app! I will keep it around in case you do update and will update stars as earned. I really want this to succeed. I know little about app development, but if you want real farmer suggestions, I'd be happy to elaborate!"
"285" "Works... sometimes. Can't see notes without entering edit screen, can't add notes without edit screen, even though it'll let you type all you want. Wipes info (such as birth date) upon entering edit screen. Glitches and is slow. Awesome idea, awful execution. Sad, because it is truly a one of a kind app, and much needed."
"286" "Its an awesome app for record keeping. However, kindly include search handle in the fertilizer and sprays section to help sorting through the vast number of varities available. All in all i lpve it and have recomended it to a few more young farmers. Kudos"
"287" "In farming we have goats, sheeps, chickens, turkeys, cows, horses, etc please make sure that all the species are catered for because during stock take in makes confusing when other animals are not accounted for. If possible, let option to save animal type as option by the farmer , that will solve all the problem."
"288" "It's fine but very slow, you also need to add a functionality which reminds me of pending vaccinations say ,10 days ahead of time. It also has to allow me to list all my annual vaccinations amd then remind me when it's approaching."
"289" "Cant get my account fixed. Shows submission error. Need some assistance but cant get a hold of anyone. Like the app . Currently everything submitted undet crop is all the same date. Please help."
"290" "Great App so far. Still new at it. How about a search function in the sprays drop down box? Listing my most recent sprays at the top? Saves scrolling to the bottom every time"
"291" "half the stuff dosnt work. hard to add/find animals and items. a better set out app with all these functions would be great"
"292" "Very nice app, would however like to customize the animal details, as well as the interface."
"293" "Need a tutorial on how to use! I spent a long time inputting information and it did not save. Finally got it to save, but it is not saving the notes."
"294" "I truely enjoy the app. Want to buy it. Have some suggestions though. Needs a place to add all our seed purhases and the app needs to keep track of my stock."
"295" "You need to make all currency available with a converter so you can get your result in the user's local currency and USD but so far it's a good app. <U+0001F4AF><U+0001F44C>"
"296" "Using this for couple of days.. needs some modifications for ui look and feel but the features are very useful .."
"297" "Tells you that you have to upgrade to use the app, after entering information on animal. Waste of time. If you are going to charge to use this app then put the price in the app store so people don't waste their time."
"298" "Very well thought-out. I recommend for new farmers and old. Incredible farm management power in your hands."
"299" "Trying to enter my first animal on this app. It tells me to log onto some website to upgrade to enter animals. Waste of time!"
"300" "It's a great app but needs to be easier for small farmer."
"301" "Simple to use. Straight forward and easy to navigate."
"302" "Excellent for record keeping and financial management."
"303" "Looks good design, but it dosent fullfill my requirement."
"304" "Very good app. Can we have a desktop version as well?"
"305" "Great but how can 3 different people access same farm data?"
"306" "it is good but .should available free of cost"
"307" "Excellent App, exactly what a young farmer need."
"308" "I like the app because it helps me keep track of when the animals"
"309" "Very attractive functionality"
"310" "Nice app but is app ma add animal milk record ka option be add kary is record ko manage karny ki be zarurat ha thanks"
"311" "Downloaded onto my android phone. I cant load any info, beast or paddock."
"312" "This is just what I needed for my farming projects thanks for the details"
"313" "I like the app but would be good if it also had dam under sire to put the mothers of individual animals and I'm not seeing an area for animal production like how many eggs we get a day or how many pounds of milk one doe produces in a day. If I'm over looking that, please let me know."
"314" "Nice app just not affordable for South Africa."
"315" "I hate ads in between"
"316" "good app to manage cattle and farm"
"317" "easier to ise then other farm apps"
"318" "good for income and expenses"
"319" "really good for agriculture and animals farm"
"320" "Easy to use. I just wish I could use it offline"
"321" "very good and user friendly."
"322" "Not user friendly for a beginner"
"323" "So nice...it makes my work easier as a farm Manager"
"324" "very very useful application thanks for making"
"325" "Not able to view profit and loss"
"326" "I'm starting a new project and so far it's awesome!"
"327" "Excellent & Need Improvement"
"328" "great app, keep making it better"
"329" "good needs little improvements"
"330" "works great for my applications"
"331" "Needs an app with formulars"
"332" "so far it's working well"
"333" "Good app may be omproved"
"334" "Need a place to log sold goats or other livestock"
"335" "good job for this app"
"336" "Great for my needs."
"337" "Excellent for my current needs"
"338" "No goat or other livestock please update the add new animal options"
"339" "Amazing fits my farms needs"
"340" "Can not retrieve information. What can be the problem?"
"341" "Fabulous app. I like it"
"342" "Useful. Very useful"
"343" "nice. would you be having free trials."
"344" "Good for all farmers"
"345" "this app is so fake am uninstalling it.ihate it"
"346" "Love this app!"
"347" "milk record of cattles is not available plz do something"
"348" "Awesome app VERY helpful"
"349" "Very nice app"
"350" "so fast so good"
"351" "This will help me a lot"
"352" "I never played it before <U+0001F602>"
"353" "Great app indeed"
"354" "i couldn't add my details ... wast of time .."
"355" "It's just great"
"356" "very good app"
"357" "so far so good."
"358" "So far so good. <U+0001F60A>"
"359" "So far so good"
"360" "No rainfall chart????"
"361" "this is what i was looking for"
"362" "Are you able to add Goats as a option?"
"363" "10 years farm experience"
"364" "Diffcult to use"
"365" "its the best"
"366" "So far so good"
"367" "Good so far"
"368" "Ever best I found"
"369" "It working perfe"
"370" "Just strat using"
"371" "One of the best"
"372" "So far good"
"373" "very good app, but now app is not working because I forgot my password, and app forgot password option isn't working."
"374" "Great app!!"
"375" "Up by by"
"376" "Very easy."
"377" "Exellent!"
"378" "Feel good"
"379" "Nice app"
"380" "Very good"
"381" "User friendly"
"382" "Epic work"
"383" "Nice app"
"384" "Nice app"
"385" "Great app"
"386" "Disappointed"
"387" "Good <U+0001F603>"
"388" "Good"
"389" "Perfect"
"390" "exelent"
"391" "Good"
"392" "Good"
"393" "Fantastic"
"394" "Good"
"395" "Awesome <U+0001F44D>"
"396" "Satisfied"
"397" "not helpful"
"398" "Ok"
"399" "excellent interface"
"400" "good tool"
"401" "Very good"
"402" "Good"
"403" "Awesome"
"404" "Great app, helped a lot with my first crop of maize silage. Can you include information for fodder turnips much appreciated."
"405" "This is a great app for helping a grower understand why fertility recommendations are made, and illustrates why yeild goals and a good soil test are necessary to make an accurate recommendation."
"406" "bad app . how many crop varieties are there in the civilized world. umm come onn theres mayb 60 in this app without counting sub variety or Xrosses. get with IT ITS 2021 ."
"407" "It's very much informative.. it should be further developed basing on a countries, regional, top cropping patterns needs"
"408" "Helped a lot in rice production. We doubled the yield per cropping.! <U+0001F60D>"
"409" "Crashes 10 seconds after opening each time."
"410" "I installed this app hoping to use it for my pumpkin produxtion . It doesn't even list pumpkins ."
"411" "Very easy to navigate."
"412" "Tnx, i needed that info."
"413" "Great app but you should add kg/ha"
"414" "Rre"
"415" "Very useful"
"416" "Excellent app"
"417" "Good"
"418" "excellent app"
"419" "I love the app I use it a lot. 1 question can you add micro nutrients under the oat tab?   Thank you for everything you guys do for us.  Riley Anderson"
"420" "Great tool"
"421" "Great app"
"422" "Some recent update has messed with the yield units. I can open up a crop, list the units will say \"cwt\" but when I email or save the crop, the units change to tons, but the nutrient numbers don't change. I'm sure there is a significant difference between 20 cwt and 20 tons for nutrient requirements. It makes reading actual requirements a bit difficult when you have to figure out what yield and units it's actually using."
"423" "App is okay, doesn't include most nut crops. Doesn't include the standard weight measurements for most California crops. Could easily import western fertilizer handbook statistics. I'm uninstalling because it doesn't apply to me."
"424" "Fertilize needed With this I know just what to put on fields wish it gave micro nutrients for all crops"
"425" "No decimal point Why is there no decimal point for partial units like there used to be."
"426" "Nice..thanks for this app"
"427" "Exellant"
"428" "Tons? Yield goal by the ton is stupid. Old version used bushels, much easier. Fix!!!"
"429" "Needs more specialty crops I would give this 5-stars if it had more specialty crops.  Snap/Green Beans, Apples, Asparagus, Zucchini, Yellow Squash, Butternut Squash"
"430" "Status good It is very good software.. But it not depend on area and mention ton per how much area"
"431" "Awesome app for figuring crop needs! Definitely recommend! !"
"432" "Ag PHD Great app easy to use and it's free. Gotta love that!"
"433" "Very Nice To get more yield"
"434" "Fantastic app for agriculturist. Very nice."
"435" "Extremely helpful."
"436" "Abab"
"437" "Best app"
"438" "Needs options for nutrients Conventions for nutrients naming/monitoring vary between countries. In Australia we generally track elemental P....not phosphate . It would been nice to been able to customise what is reported."
"439" "Bad app It's not usè"
"440" "No see mi D"
"441" "Its very imp I like sub"
"442" "Exllent Super"
"443" "Very good app Like it"
"444" "Thank's"
"445" "Xcellent"
"446" "Ok"
"447" "Nice app"
"448" "Harsh"
"449" "good good facts"
"450" "Awesome"
"451" "good"
"452" "Good"
"453" "Fantastic, I downloaded this app as i thought it would be a great way to keep track of jobs and fields. The whole team has access to the data and its really improved our communication and teamwork skills as we all know what needs to be done. We always have a plan and we are always adapting to changes in weather and such and this tool is just Fantastic for keeping up to date with everything. EVEN THE COWS HAVE A ROTATION PLAN HAHA! Could not recommend anything other than this app! Defo worth it!"
"454" "This app is perfect for a diversified farm. The free version is full of useful record keeping. The real life overhead view of the farm adds a level of tangibility which makes laying out tasks easy to manage. The facto that it can be shared among other people and provide chat is especially useful!"
"455" "I find the app very useful,especially the field mapping and as a record keeping platform for what has been done in each field and when it's done. Customer service and help has also been very good."
"456" "Really great app, I have been with them from the start and they keep on adding great features. Great communication if you have any questions to."
"457" "Used the service for a long time now. Ever request at additional services has slowly been filled to a point its my go-to for recording chemical inputs to for my farm. Ali and Camilla are both brilliant and quick to respond to any requests or questions"
"458" "Easy to use and helpful management tool. Very friendly and helpful team that provide great support."
"459" "Looks really useful. Anyway of integrating a field margin calculator that will create any width of width of field adjacent to boundaries or around features? It would be really useful to calculate areas not to apply products to very quickly and also help calculate margin areas"
"460" "Fantastic app to use find it very useful to record data for fert and spray application. The app is always being improved and the staff are keen to help"
"461" "I'm really pleased to find an app that will show my farms on a map that I can configure anyway I need to, so helpful. Totals my acreage, all right on my phone, 5 stars."
"462" "This program has simplified record keeping for our field rotation. So easy to record and see the history of herd movement."
"463" "Slick design, easy to use. More features being added all the time and listening to users."
"464" "I'm managing 57 aquaculture ponds and even though this app isn't designed for aquaculture it's made keeping track of what is happening in each pond vastly easier. Very easy to use. They also have real people to chat with and answer questions regarding the app."
"465" "A great way of commuicating with our extended farming team. An awesome tool to record our development and progress. Much of our work involves the transitioning from traditional farming practices into regenerative agriculture and forests and Fieldmargin has been instrumental on this journey."
"466" "Easy to use. Info and stats at your fingertips. Simply brilliant"
"467" "Great app with more features being added all the time, and developers willing to listen."
"468" "If you've ever wanted a farm management app that works on all devices and covers every aspect of your farm, this is the app for you. It's intuitive, has lots of features, and just works. It works offline too. Allows you to stack those job lists up and take photos for reference later. Easy to get your staff on board and can even do print outs via your PC. 10/10 can't live without it now."
"469" "Super easy to setup farm maps and use features. Subfields were just added and are needed feature, though using them is not quite as clear as other features. Developers responded to issues quickly. I hope the grazing features keep developing to get closer to other apps. Yet, this is one of the few that cover both farm operations and grazing, as well as livestock management."
"470" "Great app which has been happily picked up by our estate team including some more technophobic colleagues. Great interface. Friendly, responsive developers. Task planning is fun, overlaying uploaded maps is very useful. GPS functionality patchy (drawing areas by walking shows promise but doesn't work well) - this is more down to relying on phone GPS. Desktop satellite map images are out of date which is a frustration when planning work in the office. Really enjoyable, huge potential."
"471" "Yeh look it's a good app, but I think it would help if you updated your satellite images every year or so. The other day I was trying to look for my boundary fence in a bunch of scrub and forest, which we made last year and couldn't find it. This was because of the images which were taken a few years earlier, so i could not mark the boundary. Other than that a great app"
"472" "Been using the middle tier verion of fieldmargin for four months now. Seems to work well on both samsung phone and ipad. Really practical functions but still simple to use and edit info and to view paddock history. I haven't used gps for mapping or yield maps so can't comment on that. Looking forward to the livestock side of things to be implemented- will make app better again if able to have cropping and livestock records in one place. Staff have been helpful and promp with and issues I've had."
"473" "Very good would recommend as a good tool beside gps easy to setup and use"
"474" "Love Field Margin , have used it for 3 years and has been great for planning jobs. length of new fence or water system , we did 12 km of pipe and fittings knowing where all the joins would be , simplified trough and isolation taps.Fantastic for field spray jobs. Put in a job name, pick paddocks, put in water rate, each chem and rate from inputs list save and the job buy list in reporting. As paddocks are done they are ticked off till job completed. Reports<U+2713>lot devices/farm . Livestock<U+2713>overall<U+2713><U+2713>"
"475" "Easy to use and team always ready to help ."
"476" "Hi. Does the app allow me to upload existing maps with geometries? Like shapefile or gpx? It would be very helpfull since i already have the files and i will not waste time to draw all fields again. Thanks!"
"477" "Would give it a run but not interested in having to create accounts etc. A stand alone package yes. Unfortunately couldn't even get started. Realise this isn't a fair appraisal but add this for others that are of same needs"
"478" "I do enjoy this App, though I have problems with some of the functions like placing features like trees, and other stuff on the field..."
"479" "This app is helping us get a handle on a new ranch we purchased. I really like that we can add users and assign tasks."
"480" "I really like this app. Would give it 5 if the web version and mobile version used the same maps. If I create fields on the app (google maps) it does not fit precisely on the web version because web version uses bing. I would like to have the web version also use google maps so that created fields are not offset"
"481" "Bloody brilliant for mapping out farms, hazards, water lines, creeks troughs and much more. Can be used for staff to complete and tick off jobs . To do lists and much more. Highly recommended from a long time farmer"
"482" "This is a golden app for farmers in the recent time. I strongly recommend it to all categories of farmers."
"483" "Brilliant app but the GPS location is often wrong and very slow at updating and keeping up when moving, very annoying when trying to map out new drains."
"484" "What a excellent idea for user friendly software on my farm. Already using a bit and doing a trial with one of my managers to see how we can incorporate this software into the farm. Having our weekly meeting today and think well try and do most of our planning on it to see how it goes. I have a few extra ideas that I would like to add on it aswell."
"485" "Very user friendly and perfectly powerful. Definitely recommend this app. I only use it to keep track of field locations and field names but it's capabilities are FAR beyond that. Great job Devs!<U+0001F44D><U+0001F3FC>"
"486" "It is an in-depth app with lots of uses. The people at field margin are really helpful, i had a question and they replied quickly."
"487" "Can I use this so to see farmers fields as I'm a metal detectorist, I have permission to detect on farms but not always 100% on all the land the farmer owns, I've downloaded the app but haven't registered yet until this question is answers, this app will be huge in the metal detecting world if we are able to just view who owns the land and what they have."
"488" "Harrasment Nothing Short I uninstalled and unsubscribed from this app about 2 minutes after i installed it as it was rubbish. Despite an email from customer services assuring me that i would receive nothing further i had another email today. STOP IT."
"489" "An awesome app to use for both farms( total 110ha) that are used as pastures for hay making Recording comments notes are essential as we do 3 cuts a season so need to remind us often"
"490" "It is a very convenient app. User friendly interface and helps a lot with organizing activities"
"491" "Works great. Just want to input cost of fertilizer, seed and pesticide. I also want to add value of my harvest as t/ha."
"492" "I really like it. It is simple and easy to use. Easy to manage. Really great means of communication for farming."
"493" "Very good! Would just have liked some Permaculture add-ons like banana circles, swales, chicken tractor etc. But brilliant none-the-less."
"494" "Very useful and easy to use. Great way to keep records and todo lists."
"495" "Easy to use, good support."
"496" "I like this app it's good and very useful for me cos am into crop production"
"497" "Brilliant app. The support team are great and are adding new features all the time. Keep up the good work guys"
"498" "Phone said program was not to be trusted. Installed anyway and sure enough problems immediate ... phone froze up. Took it out... Beware"
"499" "This is really amazing so far and helping us keep our ranch organized, thank you!"
"500" "This app is very smart. Even if its a little bit difficult to use. I enjoy though"
"501" "Fantastic app! It has been an enormous help with the mapping and planning."
"502" "I like this app 1000%"
"503" "Great for farmers!"
"504" "maps on desktop don't match the phone version. desktop uses Bing and the phone uses Google."
"505" "Super easy to mark locations name areas and write tasks"
"506" "This is an amazing app so easy to use and great support and always adding new features that make it so much better to use as well."
"507" "loving this app, great management tool that is easy to use! sugarcane farming in South Africa"
"508" "Outdated map data undermines this otherwise very useful tool. Why not pull in from Google?"
"509" "Great app would be nice if it had more livestock options to complement mapping"
"510" "Nice app to use for notes and taking records. Can be improved for cattle farms"
"511" "Able to login . But unable to create farm location. Pls do the necessary. Thanks"
"512" "Goes great have you considered using artificial intelligence to create the paddocks? Would be a simple implementation and greatly improve user experience"
"513" "Would not open. Continuous white screen."
"514" "<U+0001F64C><U+0001F60E><U+0001F60D>it wil work perfectly good.thanls!!"
"515" "Easy to use and its value is growing."
"516" "Excellent tool for estimating acreage, and planning paddock locations."
"517" "Very easy to use farm management tool"
"518" "Great app for managing my wildlife food plots!"
"519" "Very nice and easy to use"
"520" "Nowhere in the discription does it say i have to register or login until you download the bloody app"
"521" "Very good app. Am enjoying using it. I like the new updates."
"522" "I would like it to have more flok movement actions."
"523" "Fantastic! Use this all the time!!"
"524" "Very good tool and not so invasive"
"525" "Still learning but finding it friendly"
"526" "The app is fantastically doing well , update your satelite to cover more. Pls How can we partner to maximise access of farm land to the farmers in my country ?"
"527" "Can't really say anything nice because for some reason I can't download the app"
"528" "Easy to load. Easy to share between employees."
"529" "Extremely inaccurate measurements on acreage."
"530" "Great app for farm land management"
"531" "It's manage the farm and it highly recommended app"
"532" "Easy to work with"
"533" "Looking forward to better control of activities and programmes at my farms."
"534" "Great! Keep up the good work."
"535" "It's a great management tool"
"536" "Good for correcting pad sizes"
"537" "Best farming app I've used so far. Definitely recommend."
"538" "Good app but need many improvement."
"539" "This a great app easy to use great reminder app deff recommend"
"540" "Do not care for apps that require me to sign"
"541" "This app is the best, me up the good work."
"542" "Incredible you must work to get your farm together doesn't come automatically"
"543" "Very helpful app"
"544" "Goodday can you guys please put in a circle that i can use for center pivots"
"545" "Way to expensive Right idea but not worth 270 a year"
"546" "Why do I need to register and give my info?"
"547" "awesome app for farm"
"548" "Can't see anything until you register ."
"549" "Field margin is amazing"
"550" "Best managing app"
"551" "This is great"
"552" "It's realy nice"
"553" "It is helpfully"
"554" "Waiting for App"
"555" "Brilliant app. Been with the from the start and the continious interaction from staff and development off the apo has been a huge advantage for me and my farm. Great work team."
"556" "User Friendly"
"557" "Excellent"
"558" "Gd"
"559" "Terrible."
"560" "Awesome <U+0001F60A>"
"561" "Good no"
"562" "Best!"
"563" "Handy tool"
"564" "Awesome app<U+0001F44C><U+0001F3FB>"
"565" "Great tool."
"566" "Fair"
"567" "Good"
"568" "nice app"
"569" "Brilliant"
"570" "Very useful"
"571" "Nice to see a proper native app that has a great user experience!"
"572" "Really nice app. I like the ability to invite people and map out terrain regions."
"573" "App says it's compatible but will not allow me to sign in. Desktop is great"
"574" "Like it"
"575" "Excellent"
"576" "Nice"
"577" "Excellent app for accurate measurements, very easy to pin exactly where you want to measure. I use the manual measuring tool a lot for measuring field boundaries and general yard measuring for building jobs etc. The GPS measuring tool isn't that great but I put that down to my phone's GPS quality rather than the app. Ads aren't too intrusive either."
"578" "It's so useful app for me as a farmer. I was using it in my old phone and it did a great job, but the thing is my new phone doesn't allow this app to use GPS when the screen is off. This is a problem for me because the farmland is big and takes a good time to have a circle around it. Also while jogging I can't put it in my pocket with the screen still turned on."
"579" "A Very Good Experience. Excellent app to track your movement and measure the distances covered. I needed to measure the area of my agricultural land and it helped me alright."
"580" "if you looking for an app that calculate distance and meassurs area accurate then you have to try this app. it helps properly for field and area measurements. but the price for premium upgrade is high. app management have to reduce price. i hope they consider that point."
"581" "It allows you to measure a site, without having to physically go to a site, so I can give estimates to potential customers. Very convenient and time saving."
"582" "It's one of the best applications for measure the area, distance and find the point, it's very useful and easy to work,but I don't know that, can I send the saved file to another computer or application for print the map? thank you"
"583" "This looks useful, but I have a few questions. 1. Is it possible to outline several areas on a single map, and print them all on the same map? Can the Pro version do this? 2. On Google Play, the Pro version is listed for $16.99, but in-app there is an option to upgrade to \"premium\" for $54.99 per year. Why the big discrepancy? What is the difference? 3. Is there an English website? There is a website link on Google Play, but it is not in English."
"584" "This is the best ever app I have been using since 2018 to measure farms area and also used for navigation while fishing.Very simple and easy to use and works on any android device.No hesitation to rate 5 stars and recommended my friends to download and use and thumbs up frm them."
"585" "Do not waste your time or money you can get countless others for free that are exactly the same . no reason to be paying it's been a year now since I 1st downloaded this and I somehow accidentally paid the $55 for a full year subscription which I tried to cancel immediately and upon doing so really realized how much Of scam artist I was working with here they they refused to refund my money . It was not a half of a year later that is a lie and he knows it. I'll copy the emails and post here"
"586" "This is a great app I use it everyday. I would give it a 5 if they would update the map. My farm has changed so much in the last 3 years with new races and hedges being ripped out but with no change to the map it makes it difficult"
"587" "Very good app. It is best alternative of Costly GPS meter. But GPS meter is always best and accurate"
"588" "I love this app. You can stick to its simple settings or options or go into more skilled tweaking if the nodes, which ever suits you. It gives quick results."
"589" "excellent app, only thing I would kindly ask is not to get into politics as your icon shows, very sad for all who are suffering from both sides"
"590" "Very nice and easy to use. Love being able to.move pins and fine tune."
"591" "Seems to be a really good app, really accurate and easy to use. Kudos devs!!"
"592" "Great app, awesome to work out lengths and area, accurate to about 1m on lengths"
"593" "Downloaded this app to measure areas in a field. Got nothing out of it. All it did was show my position on the map, without recording any distances, areas or position points. No clear way of achieving either of these objectives. Not very intuitive user interface. So got nothing out of it except a few ads. Waste of my time. Definitely not going to take a chance with a paid version in case it is just as useless."
"594" "Very accurate, easy to use, paid version eliminates ads and ads bonus features. I've accuracy check by measuring area with measuring wheel, the results are phenomenal spite three meter difference. I don't want to sound like a cookie cutter comment but highly recommended. I've already mentioned accuracy at the beginning. In my opinion it deserves two mentions. Very happy with app, I use it for material applied and billing on my line of work. It saves me time. Thank you !"
"595" "This app is better. It could be the best if you could add feature like AUTO MEASURE the distance or the length of the road from one place to another by just pinning the starting point and end point. You know it is very tiresome and annoying to measure point by point the very long and much winding road. And along with the road-length measurement, also add the straight-line measurement---not by the road. Thanks."
"596" "instructions would be helpful. but not real hard to trial and error learn. would like to have more than 1 group of properties to group looks like that is available in the premium package but what is free gives me the field acreage which is what I need. updated mapping would be helpful. mapping is at least 5 years old. I know because I have a building that is not shown."
"597" "This app has been handy for establishing my farm's property markers, field edges and of course determining the size of my fields. Would love to be able to use Ontario GIS satellite imaging with it as it has the best image quality for my property. Unfortunately, it is really easy to stop tracking during a mapping session with the start/stop button at the very edge of the screen."
"598" "Pretty accurate measurements and features for a free app. I use it for outdoor activities all the time now. Great for airsoft, our just showing friends where tails are and how long of a walk. Great app. I was asked to rate when I first opened the app, before I could even see the screen layout, I gave 2 stars after a few days of use easy 5 Stars and probably be upgrading to pro version. Excellent job developers!"
"599" "I've been using this app for quite a long time, for sowing and spray rate applications, plus fencing quotes and such. While I've never used the more advanced features, the basic distance and area measurement is fantastic. Most of the people I've done work for and their neighbours are using it, I've received quite a few cases of beer for it!"
"600" "Very useful app. Distance measurement is accurate (deviation of about 2-3 ft). GPS measurement fluctuates but we can measure using \"add point\" without using \"start measuring\" . Only issue I have faced is that when we calculate a closed area, we are shown only the total perimeter and area but the lengths of the sides are not shown. Would appreciate if someone can help me if this app supports this side length feature too."
"601" "Good feature and easy to use."
"602" "I paid extra for an upgraded version, so I could save my walks. However, in order to save measurements I would have to buy a monthly subscription - I THOUGHT I was getting a version that would do just that when I paid the extra amount. It also has to stay on - I could not switch to a different screen like to listen to music when I'm walking. This app is not useful to me"
"603" "I am an electrical engineer with some programming experience. This app is a great use off cell phone features, specifically the GPS. I am using it to calculate area of our small pastures to estimate the amount of winter rye seed needed. On our first pasture the mapping showed a couple of spurs in the outline that I did not walk. This could be the app or possibly my cell phone GPS system. Other than that it is quite handy."
"604" "The best app ever on area measurements estimations, it has really come in handy."
"605" "So far it's working very well. I'd like to purchase full version (not subscription) and add an external GPS antenna. Which model works?"
"606" "Amazing ,wonderful and what an idea to creat this kind of apps."
"607" "Terrible. Dont waste your time. I tested against measured distances. It wasn't even close. The app had difficulty in accurately locating the start point under clear sky conditions (ie no overhead trees, clear sky day) I walked a 90 ft measured line multiple times with the app. Results were from 68 to 126 ft. Couldnt reproduce the same measurement even once. The app occasionally cant accurately locate at the beginning of the measure. Off by miles in some cases. Google maps would find me"
"608" "Just to try this app...I was paving asphalt at an airport so took shots along the perimeter of my work. Our survey provides me with total square footage of my area for payment. When I compared my shots using GPS with survey's, we were only about 500 square feet different from 38,800 sq ft placement. Fantastic! Now...my shots were taken on a clear day so signal response was at it's highest. Love this app!"
"609" "It has no option to save measurements...it's major issue...<U+0001F44E> There is no way to save from uninstalling.... Can I save my data in this application if it is has been deleted from cell phone.???"
"610" "Not accurate. Accuracy 93%.. Otherwise very good and also some important unit in area measurement missing like square feet etc"
"611" "When i imported kml of size 2 mb containing measurements .. app can't handle and crashes whenever i start app . What is this .. even I've brought premium. It sucks"
"612" "Easy to use and accurate. Makes figuring out areas and acres very easy and quick."
"613" "Very useful for measuring distance and area"
"614" "Downloaded one new phone, still doesn't work? I can send you a screen shot. STILL SUCKS, I put in an address in Texas and it takes me to Russia or newfoundland....??? Have reinstalled and un-installed so many times...doesn't ever work!! Sucks now, doesnt locate on first-third try, than error codes pop up. Terrible, used to love this app. Need phone running android 9.0"
"615" "This application needs to be accurate and better, improve and improve, The quality of pictures and graphics needs to be improved."
"616" "Location by address not working anymore, I had this app for a full year using it almost daily,I could just type in a address and it would jump to the correct location ,now after renewing my subscription It can't find a single address and jumps to irrelevant out of state locations, after months of requesting help from IT department no response has been received,it was great but now it's worthless for what you pay for unless they can fix this issue it's not worth the money,one star for no response"
"617" "Simple, basic, useful, works."
"618" "I have used this app for year's and it worked perfectly. However ilost my phone and had to download it again. It measures areas/,distance well. But it won't save anything."
"619" "easy to use. very helpful."
"620" "Makes life on site simple and effective for big area measurements."
"621" "If you are looking for an app which can calculate an area on map or tell you the distance on the map then this is the application you are looking for. Good app with nill advertisements."
"622" "One of the best measuring applications I have ever used. Ease of use and accuracy are remarkable. If it add further magnification option it would be fantastic."
"623" "I've been using this app for a couple years and love it. About as accurate as you can expect from an app. The only thing i would recommend is make a feature that allows you to measure a square or cirle then add a house, barn or grain bin to those measured dimensions. You could in scale add additions to your properties to have an easy visual of how it would lay out before you begin building."
"624" "I really like the idea and the look of the app. Dissapointing that basic functions such as differant colors for the markers and areas are only available to premium users. I would upgrade to premium, but the cost of R42 just doesn't warrant it."
"625" "Absolutely free and amazing app."
"626" "Very good app, so usefull for professional"
"627" "If you app super explain the situation and great Idea for approval and app"
"628" "Very easy to use n useful app"
"629" "It's helpful and accurate"
"630" "Very handy and easy yo use..."
"631" "So easy to use! Great app"
"632" "I was asked to rate this app shortly after I downloaded it. I gave it one star because there were no instructions with it and I couldn't get it to work. After playing with it for awhile I figured out how to use it and now I love it. I'm impressed with the results. It's a great tool to easily get an estimate of dimensions and areas, but you still need to do physical measurements if accuracy is required."
"633" "This app was about 40 times off of an area measurement. It's lacking some key features like showing boundaries, the GPS was showing I was 4 miles from my official location (Google maps showed my location just fine) and while the perimeter measure seemed accurate, the acreage measurement was saying 80 acres instead of 2 acres. Also, if you like ads of green alien women with big bosoms, you might be interested in this app because it was NOTHING BUT ADS EVERY TIME YOU TRIED TO DO ANYTHING."
"634" "I have been using this app since 2018 and it's very easy to use. When there is good internet coverage, the results are 99% accurate when compared with cadastral survey. I would like to suggest the developers to add features for taking photos like the SW map and also feature for traking to predetermined points."
"635" "I found this app easy to use. I calibrated it on a site map and found it very accurate. I picked a lot of points to map out the boundary of my fields alternating between satellite and road map outlines. Thanks for this. It served my purpose well."
"636" "This application really cleared up my lot line issue. I had to experiment on the first try, but once i got the hang of it, I was good to go! ........and just to let folks know NJ rural lot lines are hard to follow especially when the lots are odd shapes. Nothing is cut and dry in South Jersey."
"637" "Great app. Used to to roughly map out the 1.5 acres in the woods where we plan on building. Very easy to use. Just press start measuring and walk. Thats it. It tells you the length, acreage and draws a line on the satellite map with the terrain."
"638" "I simply wanted an app to find survey pins, this was totally useless for that, of course it has no real instructions or directions so for all I know this app wasn't for surveying. hell, for all I could get out of it it may be a cooking app, but today useless to find survey pins. I did however get a good look at my property, sadly it us 4 years old because the change a from that time aren't on your map. update: I downloaded another app and their's worked fine, so be glad there is no zero rating."
"639" "in this app not available multiple enters coordinates (latitude, longitude), only one time recording coordinates. for accurate area drawing on map. I want to calculate area to our agriculture land. if I take multiple positions using latitude and longitude accurately. then I enters this Location points in application and add these points then I wanted to prepare the documents."
"640" "Tutorial needs to be much more in depth. Using it as I went. You would think it would be a simple start here drop pin, got to point B, drop pin, go to point C, etc. Then measure, all I got was a grey dot at point A, then some funky longitude and latitude at B, and nothing at C, or D, then it gave me some straight line measurement. UPDATE TO LAST REVIEW: THEIR IMPROVEMENTS AND MY TAKING A LITTLE MORE TIME TO WORK WITH THE APP MADE A HUGE DIFFERENCE! WOULD NOW HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!"
"641" "Love the experience on Android. Mapping manually can be very glitchy on iOS. Subscriptions are far too pricey for me, but the free version does a lot. If there was a buy for medium around $60 AU per annum. I'd be in."
"642" "Just have the free version. Layed out my property lines on the satellite view using the distance function with my official recorded survey numbers. Wow. I'd like to talk to the surveyors back then. My lot is not square. The front is 95.45ft across and the back is 86.25 across. 90' front and 90' rear would have been more logical. Now it looks like I'm mowing 5 feet into my neighbors yard. We are friends. Had a good laugh. Good app. Thks."
"643" "It was the perfect app for me until I woke up and found that all the points, areas and distances i had spent months measuring and saving are gone! Not sure what went wrong or if that data can be retrieved??"
"644" "Saved me thousands. So, so handy during sowing and harvest operations. You can figure out hectares in a few clicks and know where you are and what you need. Wonderful app. Sometimes modern technology does reduce stress and workload! :-)"
"645" "Really good, helped a lot to plan my co struction on the land. not sure how to get elevation of points. I would like to export a vector to other programs, and make level curves. I would pay for these functionalities."
"646" "App keeps crashing when opening. This is my third time to have to reinstall the app this week to be able to use it and I lose all my saved measurements when that happens. Worked great for 6months but now won't open and of it does it crashes right away. I'm using it on a Note 10."
"647" "Wow! I have downloaded a dozen of these apps over the years and this one is by far the best! Very powerful, intuitive, minimal ads! I used it to obtain area and measurements for a planned dog yard. Highly Recommended."
"648" "Very useful if you need to get a very accurate measurement of an area in the go! I'm in real estate business and this has really helped and I've tested the measurements with real values of some plots of land, the app is less than 3% off!"
"649" "It is a well thought out app and im certain it could have its uses. But it is not accurate. I measured a 2km course to practice for army fitness and wondered why i was so slow. Turns out iv been doing closer to 3km! Thats quite a wide margin of error"
"650" "Customer service could improve. I have tried to get a response for the last 4 months with no reply. Liked the program very very much that there is a glitch I'm having trouble with so I guess I will have to stop my subscription and find another app."
"651" "Worthless app. Inaccurate, confusing displays. Dowload counts can be a deceiving factor. If app has nothing to do with accuracy deal with area viewer instead of area measure. Accuracy is important for measure. I am a user and the excuses you gave me is none of my concern, I am just reviewing and sharing my experience."
"652" "I am using this app since 2017 and there is no problem at all. Till now i measure lots of plots. I would like suggest that, after taking area measuremen please mention there name for points which we have taken like point A, Point B, Point C likewise and the should be a given distance between two such points, and if possible to creat a page where all this info diaplay. Thanks a lot for ur great app..."
"653" "Not very accurate, may be OK if your looking for a very rough estimate. Tryed the app on a known level plot of land with corners already marked and official per country records. The result of sum area was off by almost an acre. Google Earth is a lot more accurate, but decided this app a try with high hopes all for not."
"654" "Great. Would be nice if when doing area the distance also shows up at the same time. I found I had to save one distance each time than use the area to figure it out cause I'm bad at this stuff. Great app. 4.8 stars so I round it to 5!!"
"655" "I like the idea, but measurements are at best questionable. I reckon they're out by a factor of at least ten based on my preliminary estimates (which are based on Newton's Method). On the other hand, I have my doubts about GPS accuracy here in Tasmania generally. A timely response from the developers to this criticism suggests choosing \"high accuracy\" setting on my device. I shouldn't need to spell out that if I am measuring something, I would have done so (and did) in the first place."
"656" "Best app. We use this a lot for digging out square feet in whatever fields we want to plant our spray. Measuring distance to put new fences in. So much easier than walking out or even riding it with a measuring device in theTexas heat. Measurements have been accurate."
"657" "Great app, does what it is ment to do. Makes feeding cows very easy, I wouldn't be without the crop counculator for working out fodder beet during transition. I use it daily. Only upgrade would be to be able to add supplement to total kg/dm. But that can be calculated in a separate working anyway. I would recommend this app."
"658" "Awsome app the glitch has been fixed"
"659" "Really really good <U+0001F44C>"
"660" "It's quite handy."
"661" "Can I get paid and get Justice please"
"662" "Sweet as Very handy tool. Like the fact you can send results via txt to workers. Well thought out app thankyou"
"663" "Great asset This is a very good app. I'm sure everyone who is involved in pasture management has something. I have found this very user friendly."
"664" "So handy use it all the time ... if in doubt get the grazing calculator out .. well done Louise"
"665" "The best 20plus years dairying and this makes my day to day even more pleasant."
"666" "Love this app!"
"667" "Kauai Learner"
"668" "Pasture plus"
"669" "great app"
"670" "Very handy app"
"671" "Great! Thanks heaps for creating such a useful app. My farm has all sorts of growth rates, paddock areas and grass types so it helps speed up the decision making. 5+"
"672" "Awesome..... Thanks very much..."
"673" "Great app Works well on Samsung galaxy S3."
"674" "Great app! Makes feed budgeting super fast and easy!"
"675" "Still installing"
"676" "Hi, I'm using a OnePlus 5T and can't log in. Kindly work on it."
"677" "I hpoe, it will make easy to use and important for land use."
"678" "Wonderful and useful App"
"679" "no beat"
"680" "Not good"
"681" "nise"
"682" "Very poor"
"683" "Nice"
"684" "great"
"685" "I can't login that it was in old version..."
"686" "It's a great tool!"
"687" "Great app for crowdsourcing field data collection. Useful to soil scientists, agriculturalists,  ecologist, etc."
"688" "Great tool!"
"689" "This  is an easy-to-use  and  excellent app which is continuously improving! May be due to poor internet connection here where I am, the server is sometimes down and not responding."
"690" "Good app This is very good app for scientist. I admire data mining and big data in back end services"
"691" "Good app but from users side-, the core value is prediction data not only how the app looks like or new feature"
"692" "The app is easy to use!"
"693" "It is a great app."
"694" "Nice app for farmers"
"695" "It's amazing!!"
"696" "Great helper in my agribusiness records. Able to harmonize all activities into a single accounting. Great!"
"697" "Very stable well designed. Developer very customer focused"
"698" "Helps alot, but the price is ridiculous. One gets a demo once downloaded and then you have to pay a monthley fee to get the full function of the app."
"699" "What of a situation where one has more than one crop on the same field/Farm and wants to attach cost to each?"
"700" "Uts a useful app, however account maintenance needs to be improved by making a single page entry for all expenses"
"701" "Great concept, great UI. Would give 5 stars but it lacks the ability to add photos. Could also use a planning feature."
"702" "Thanks for the great app, but I was wondering if you could open the date for tasks so we can schedule the tasks for the next wee with a reminder option, that would be great."
"703" "This app is wonderful. I have just installed it but so far everything looks good. Looking forward to see how it will better my crop management. Good work"
"704" "A very useful app for managing the farm"
"705" "This app is amazing, as for even creating reports, it's super"
"706" "Very elaborate and helpful"
"707" "Great management app"
"708" "Very good app , some more development needed in expance categories like Labor attendance and management manpower"
"709" "This is an amazing app. Solves lots of farmers problem and it's easy to use."
"710" "Wonderful app. I love it. It will simplify the way I manage my crops."
"711" "I like this app. Its very simple to use, captures alot of details. Just on point."
"712" "Very good app with ease of use and it captures most the information about crops and fields management"
"713" "Good app but I think data backup should not only be available in the premium version."
"714" "Hi it would have been nice to have notes section like my farmers wallet . Otherwise great stuff"
"715" "The app is user friendly and scalable. Farmers problems solved."
"716" "Good app with most basic features required to run a farm"
"717" "God bless you for saving my time <U+2764><U+FE0F>"
"718" "All the crop apps I have tried nothing comes to close as great as this one <U+0001F60A>"
"719" "I am not able to attach expenses to the different farms I have within the app"
"720" "Was okay thanks nothing special"
"721" "It's simple and easy to use."
"722" "Thank you for this. Am glad I found this app. Keep up the good work"
"723" "I love this app. Few of these, been looking for something exactly as this. Thank you"
"724" "It's great this app will help me in a number of things regarding production."
"725" "It works absolutely well. I do recommend it"
"726" "It's a good app. it works well"
"727" "Wonderful app. Thank you again Bivatec"
"728" "Great app . Thanks bivatec"
"729" "Can enter historical activity but cant input future plans"
"730" "This is a great app thank"
"731" "Its useful to me thank you"
"732" "Very nice application"
"733" "Its a promising applications to help farmers in Uganda"
"734" "Amazing app <U+0001F4A5><U+0001F4A5><U+0001F4A5><U+0001F4A5>"
"735" "Very helpful"
"736" "Very useful"
"737" "Exceptional app"
"738" "Great app"
"739" "Still learning"
"740" "Its helpful"
"741" "Wonderful app"
"742" "Great"
"743" "Nice app"
"744" "Excellent"
"745" "Wonderful app"
"746" "Dear support, i meant adding a feature that can help we farmers to generate an expense report for a given plant. For instance, i have planted Onion and tomatoes in Field A. It's not possible to get a report for each crop because the app at the moment gives me the option to generate report for the field."
"747" "Boom"
"748" "Really nice app, but I have not found the place where I can insert my sample number - those ones generated is not very \"sample number friendly\". It would be great to add a sample number and have the app sequentially number further as one takes the soil samples in the field. The function to import or export soil sampling points seems not the available - it poses the question whether it is useful to have this great app but the the result of the app's functions stays with the app."
"749" "Excellent showing of places marvelous experience."
"750" "Really nice app, but I can't import or export soil sampling points"
"751" "hey I am having trouble cuz I have field Navigator with this and I can't get all my saved Fields transferred to soil sampler"
"752" "nice app will be great if you add some agricultural info about each area,like climate,raining grade and what is good to plant"
"753" "Can you please send a video how to use this app because i have a lot of difficulty in using this app"
"754" "Will this app save data points year over year? Can i share data points with other accounts?"
"755" "please to be easy to use I'm just getting started. Says I can import shapefile. That's what I need"
"756" "It is very useful u can use it whenever u Want ."
"757" "This app works for 10. Perfect <U+0001F44C>."
"758" "Good and easy to use"
"759" "Good, useful & helpful"
"760" "woiw this is more special app"
"761" "It is a good app. I like it"
"762" "This is a good app."
"763" "Can't figure out how to use it and no help or guide. The help is on the Google play store."
"764" "Good"
"765" "Good"
"766" "Good app"
"767" "After manually creating a field and setting grid sampling size, some of the grid points fall outside the field area. Moving the points to try and get them inside does not work."
"768" "Muito eficiente!"
"769" "Kiiiiiiri bod haaaa9"
"770" "Not useful"
"771" "hfg"
"772" "wow"
"773" "Lll"
"774" "useful application"
"775" "<U+0001F44D>"
"776" "Nice app"
"777" "Best app"
"778" "Amazing"
"779" "Perfect"
"780" "Good"
"781" "Good"
"782" "Usefull"
"783" "helpful"
"784" "Great"
"785" "Nice"
"786" "great"
"787" "Good"
"788" "good"
"789" "Good"
"790" "Best"
"791" "Unable to get shape files (.shp) to load."
"792" "work very well, easy to use, actually i tried to import some shape files from qgis in format of .shp and .shx but it dont find the files at folder, is there any other formart or im doing something ?"
"793" "Perfect app"
"794" "Best for maps"
"795" "Usefull"
"796" "I could not get it to set a point for the soil sample."
"797" "Lets check out first"
"798" "The app is good,but I have a not count a fit distans"
"799" "Great app. Does as is described."
"800" "Nice application"
"801" "Handy toolsl"
"802" "Best Thanks"
"803" "Good  Thanks"
"804" "Not half bad but could use some improvement"
"805" "It's very easy and fast to use, I would recommend it"
"806" "Location dont work"
"807" "Nothing"
"808" "Excellent  app"
"809" "It gives latitude and longitude"
"810" "Giellies It's damn bad"
"811" "Good its working"
"812" "ok"
"813" "Uwj"
"814" "Great"
"815" "Good"
"816" "It pops up to accept the terms then has a pop up that says there was an error with the update process and to click ok. The program locks up at the point and I have to force it closed. I have used the app a lot in the past, now I have to find something else if it exists!"
"817" "I'm very disappointed. I've used this app for years and now everytime I try to open it a message pops up error in updates and it closes. I've lost all my saved tank mixes and can't use this app. I have uninstalled and installed gone to app settings nothing works. Not a happy camper here"
"818" "I just downloaded this app on my phone because I have used it before and was able to utilize it for mixing chemicals on the farm. I am now disappointed because when I try to open the app, it says it can't update. I have tried to uninstall and download it again and continue having the same problem."
"819" "It's fixed! The \"accept terms\" button did not work for a long time but after a bunch of reviews the seem to have fixed it. Awesome app, makes mixing tanks very simple"
"820" "so easy to reference my history when mixing chemicals all through out the season as well as year to year. makes record keeping much easier."
"821" "works, always a plus. lost all my hidtory when i got a new phone. would like to be as ble input cost and have it break down cost per acre"
"822" "I could not get past the accept screen even after scrolling to the bottom. Just stuck there. Useless."
"823" "I wish it include a GPA calculator too.... but once you have that value, it's a great app! Love the database of chemicals!"
"824" "I can NOT get past accept I keep pressing it but nothing happens and another app has downloaded called game launcher along with this app."
"825" "Used for several years now easy to work with just wish it would ttansfer history to new phone when old phone dies untimely death"
"826" "Does not work on latest android please fix it I really like the app when it worked on older android's"
"827" "an error has occurred during the update process"
"828" "Great app i use it daily and have record of every mix i do"
"829" "now that it works love the app makes my job easier. thanks for fixing"
"830" "Can't use it accept button doesn't work"
"831" "Does not work on Android"
"832" "Can't even accept terms of agreement"
"833" "After installing, it will not let me accept the terms and conditions."
"834" "Doesn't work"
"835" "Best ap ever"
"836" "Perfect APP for situational awareness of tank mixes, calculations and review before application. Thank you for the fix!!!!!! 2022 update, Just gets BETTER!!"
"837" "i think it's very helpful pende app the love it it works cool will use it more."
"838" "The accept tab now works! This app helps save time when mixing a few chemicals together and when switching tank sizes. Works great on other devices but I can't get past the Accept screen. My phone is a Samsung Galaxy S8+ please help."
"839" "Looks like a great app but it won't work on my phone. I have a Motorola 
Moto and after I load it it asked me to read the agreement and accept. And 
when I hit the accept button it does nothing. I can't get past that point. 
I uninstalled and reinstalled sure will times and still the same problem. 
Let me know when you have this problem fixed because I would love to try 
your app."
"840" "Great concept. The calculator feature is handy. I cannot get any labels to 
pull up. I have a pdf viewer installed. It opens in the viewer but never 
loads the label. I am connected to the internet. Any tips?"
"841" "After install; initial opening of the app requires you to accept Terms of Use. However the \"Accept\" button is not working , therefore you cannot use the app.  Maybe apps needs an update since it was written in 2015 and I'm using it on Android 8.0.0?  Hopefully this gets fixed soon so I can provide better review."
"842" "Accept button for terms of use acts like it is going to work but does nothing so cannot use it, had it on previous phone and worked great, but no more I guess."
"843" "I've been using it since it came out but when my phone updated the app 
doesn't work now it really sucks can't get passed the accept the terms page 
please fix it It was a great app used it every day because I do custom 
spraying"
"844" "Great app when it was on my lg v10. But does not work on my Google pixel2 
xl. Would love to continue using but unfortunately I'm on the hunt for 
something else. Get it working and I'll change my rating."
"845" "Used this app all the time on my old phone, switched to pixel 2 and it 
won't work anymore. Please fix"
"846" "I've seen this app work on my buddy's phone and it would be great, if it could work.  Doesn't allow me to get passed the agreement screen at the very beginning."
"847" "The app was great but now I can not get past the terms page. Please fix I 
love the app and have used it for years."
"848" "I was hoping this would really help out, however can't get past the accept 
page. So disappointed."
"849" "I used to have this app on my old phone .. it was great . Trying to load on 
new phone it wont let me agree to their terms!"
"850" "I used to have this app on old phone and worked great got a new phone and 
it doesn't work on it. The accept button doesn't work Wish I could have it 
back was very helpful"
"851" "Downloaded, but cannot get past the \"Accept\" screen to even start using app"
"852" "Wasn't really what I was looking for. I am looking for a pesticide/herbicide app that list the product names plus their generic equivalents."
"853" "Used it all the time on old phone but won't work on new one"
"854" "This app will not work on the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. Very disappointed 
that it won't."
"855" "Doesn't go past the policy on a new installation on Oreo. Needs an update."
"856" "Great for farmers or any type of applicator"
"857" "The app no longer allows me to look up pesticide labels."
"858" "Saves a ton of time and works very well"
"859" "Can not use app due the accept button not working."
"860" "Applicator Great time saver and organizer"
"861" "Beats figuring by hand"
"862" "Fix the accept button"
"863" "Very handy and easy to use, plus it's free."
"864" "Easy to use. Works great!"
"865" "Crashes immediately"
"866" "usefull  app"
"867" "I can't get past the Terms screen. I installed the app several times with 
the same result. I have a Samsung S8 phone."
"868" "Granuals Please add grams per liter for granual chemicals. Otherwise its a nice app."
"869" "Add a sq ft option. I would love to see a sq ft. option to be used in residential applications."
"870" "Runs even on my old phone. Simple to use interface that's elegant and easy to follow. I have android 2.1 and this works smooth."
"871" "Looks like a very useful app. If I could just download it."
"872" "Granules. Would like to have grams and kilograms added for Australian users."
"873" "Great game it seems like but... It won't let me download it"
"874" "Farm manager Very helpful !!!"
"875" "Great app I love that the new version lets me edit the rates of chemicals in the same mix without starting over. The ability to send the mix is also great. I can send it to the person mixing for me from the sprayer. Great app. THANKS!"
"876" "With a few tweaks, this could be a go-to app, but is not very useful to me as it is.  The pre-populated lists of chemicals are really nice, but the work flow doesn't lend itself to the way I load a sprayer.  If a Taplogic developer reads this, please consider the following enhancements:  1.  Allow saving a recipe (all ingredients plus rate per acre and max tank size) independent of acres to be sprayed. 2.  On the \"Total Materials\" report screen, also list the total volume of the solution in gallons."
"877" "Nice for farming but... Not very applicable for commercial applicators. Would be GREAT to have the option of sq./ft. not just by the acre. Also, chemicals from Wilbur-Ellis for commercial/residential turf applications would make a nice addition."
"878" "Tank mixes Need to be able to save a tank mix then be able to apply it to a different amount of acres.  Not just saved in history to one certain amount of acreage. Other than that good app."
"879" "Farmmer1 Needs ability top calculate in metric chemical doseage (ie) liters/acre"
"880" "Limited No products for small grains farmers or R&P customers. Very Very limited!!!!!!! No Dow, Dupont, BASF, Bayer, its mainly a generic glyphosate and that's it app"
"881" "Chemicals Its almost planting time. Are you going to put all the chemicals onto the list. It is short chemicals."
"882" "Nice Would be nice if it had the option of 28% instead of water and nitrogen stabilizers like instinct."
"883" "Lack of chemicals Needs more chemicals such as viper"
"884" "Can you make this in metric? All the chemicals are in metric."
"885" "Quite the time saver. I look forward to the addition of square footage!"
"886" "Great app Very useful"
"887" "Perfect Does just what I wanted."
"888" "Nice start You need to add the ability to save tank mixes after they are created for use later. No sense having to create them again when you want to use them a second time. You also need the ability to quickly calculate a \"partial fill\" when you need to fill less than a full load."
"889" "Nice app Simple and works well. I really like the integrated chemical list."
"890" "Very poor calculations Doesn't subtract the products added from total carrier needed."
"891" "Eric Very nice and handy. My one and only suggestion is to be able to delete the history if need be."
"892" "This app does not work with the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. Very disappointed 
that it doesn't. It will not let me accept the terms to allow me to use the 
app. Developer should definitely fix this for all users nd not just iOS 
users."
"893" "It was a wonderful app. Used it for years. Got a new phone and reinstalled 
and now it won't let me past the terms and conditions. Sad, now I will have 
to find a different one."
"894" "This is the Best mixing app I have been able to find. There are some things I'd like to see changed but this app leads all others."
"895" "Not metric Would work well if you could use metric units"
"896" "$12.99 lost and no way to get refund. App installed, but didn't \"accept\" 
the EULA \"accept\" button on HTC Android. Oh, well."
"897" "Can accept to open app"
"898" "It needs square footage"
"899" "Very usefull for progressive farmer."
"900" "BugMan Great Application."
"901" "Very nice"
"902" "Good"
"903" "Cool"
